Update Cloudsmith integration (#1749)
DataDog/integrations-extras: cloudsmith/README.md

### Events

> All Cloudsmith related events collected appear within the Datadog Event Stream with the `source:cloudsmith` property. They are collected every 5 minutes to reduce the number of requests sent to the Cloudsmith API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Cloudsmith related events collected appear within the Datadog Event Stream with the `source:cloudsmith` property. They are collected every five minutes to reduce the number of requests sent to the Cloudsmith API.
```

There are two types of events:

- Security Scan event

> - Audit Logs evenet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Audit Logs event
```

> They are both accessible via the Aggregation Key: `@aggregation_key:audit_log` and `@aggregation_key:vulnerabilities`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are accessible with aggregation keys: `@aggregation_key:audit_log` and `@aggregation_key:vulnerabilities`.
```

> ![example_image][10]

Reviewer 2: Images are not supported in the README

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][11].

Reviewer 2: This should be Cloudsmiths support team
